## Saturday, January 25th, 2025

- Learn IR transmitter and IR receiver library
- Attempt AC control with IR transmitter and receiver

### Remote Control Transceiver (RMT) Header File

The [RMT](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/stable/esp32/api-reference/peripherals/rmt.html) peripheral can be used to transmit and receive many types of signals. Typically, the RMT peripheral can be used in the following scenarios:

- Transmitting or receiving infrared signals with any IR protocols.
- Generating sequences.
- Transmitting signals in a hardware-controlled loop.
- Multi-channel simultaneous transmission.
- Modulating the carrier to the output signal or demodulate the carrier from the input signal.

#### Modulation and Demodulation

- Modulation is the process of encoding information in a transmitted signal.
- Demodulation is the process of extracting information from the transmitted signal.

### Arduino IDE

Instead of ESP-IDF, I am looking into a replacement framework that has larger library support, in this case for IR communication.  

#### [IRremoteESP8266](https://crankyoldgit.github.io/IRremoteESP8266/doxygen/html/)

Library that controls receiving and transmitting IR signals through [IRsend](https://crankyoldgit.github.io/IRremoteESP8266/doxygen/html/classIRsend.html) and [IRreceive](https://crankyoldgit.github.io/IRremoteESP8266/doxygen/html/classIRrecv.html#details). 

### Air Conditioner Remote Signals

1. [Reference 1](https://manuals.plus/lg/lg-air-conditioner-remote-control-manual)
2. 

**NOTES:** 
- **FAN SPEED CODES DIFFER ACCORDING TO CURRENT MODE**. 
- **CURRENT MODES PRESENT ARE ACCORDING TO HOT MODE AND SHOULD BE CHANGED**
- **ENERGY CONTROL ONLY WORKS ON ICE MODE**

- Temp Up:              880CF4F
- Temp Down:            880CE4E
- AC Off:               88C0051
- AC On:                8804F47
- Light Off/On:         88C00A6
- Fan Speed 1:          880CF0B 
- Fan Speed 2:          880CF94
- Fan Speed 3:          880CF2D
- Fan Speed 4:          880CFA5
- Fan Speed 5:          880CF4F
- Fan Speed 6:          880CF50 (alternating mode)
- Ice Mode:             8808743
- Nose with A Mode:     880B746
- Water Mode:           8809924
- Hot Mode:             880CF0B
- 80% Energy Control:   88C07D0
- 60% Energy Control:   88C07E1
- 40% Energy Control:   88C0804
- 100% Energy Control:  88C07F2